std::reduce new known limitation (#1232)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: documentation/release_notes.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Incorrect results may be produced with in-place scans using ``unseq`` and ``par_unseq`` policies on
  CPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.8.
- Incorrect results may be produced with group reduce operation through ``std::reduce``

>   for 64-bit data types and `std::multiplies`` operation on GPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2023.2

Author: I will check clarify the compiler versions

Author: In the file https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDPL/blob/72551f4314b86f68df85661f8946d1309d2bc0ca/include/oneapi/dpl/pstl/hetero/dpcpp/unseq_backend_sycl.h#L44
we have the next code:
```C++
template <typename _BinaryOp, typename _Tp>
using __has_known_identity =
#    if _ONEDPL_LIBSYCL_VERSION >= 50200
    typename ::std::disjunction<
        __dpl_sycl::__has_known_identity<_BinaryOp, _Tp>,
        ::std::conjunction<::std::is_arithmetic<_Tp>,
                           ::std::disjunction<::std::is_same<::std::decay_t<_BinaryOp>, ::std::plus<_Tp>>,
                                              ::std::is_same<::std::decay_t<_BinaryOp>, ::std::plus<void>>,
                                              ::std::is_same<::std::decay_t<_BinaryOp>, __dpl_sycl::__plus<_Tp>>,
                                              ::std::is_same<::std::decay_t<_BinaryOp>, __dpl_sycl::__plus<void>>,
                                              ::std::is_same<::std::decay_t<_BinaryOp>, __dpl_sycl::__minimum<_Tp>>,
                                              ::std::is_same<::std::decay_t<_BinaryOp>, __dpl_sycl::__minimum<void>>,
                                              ::std::is_same<::std::decay_t<_BinaryOp>, __dpl_sycl::__maximum<_Tp>>,
                                              ::std::is_same<::std::decay_t<_BinaryOp>, __dpl_sycl::__maximum<void>>>>>;
```
Describing problem is in the function `__dpl_sycl::__has_known_identity<_BinaryOp, _Tp>,` whi called by in case when ` if _ONEDPL_LIBSYCL_VERSION >= 50200`
Unfortunately I not fund which version of DPC++ compiler correspondent with this `50200` constant...

Reviewer: @SergeyKopienko, this macro version corresponds to Intel(R) oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler 2021.3.

Author: OK, let's specify as 2021.3

  with ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq`` policy when compiled by Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler
  with ``-fiopenmp``, ``-fiopenmp-simd``, ``-qopenmp``, ``-qopenmp-simd`` options on Linux.
  To avoid the issue, pass ``-fopenmp`` or ``-fopenmp-simd`` option instead.

> - Incorrect results may be produced with group reduce operation through ``std::reduce``

Reviewer: Does the issue reproduce with other reduce-based algorithms, e.g. `transform_reduce`?
Please, note that other algorithms are referenced without namespaces, so I would suggest omitting `std::` part.

>   for 64-bit data types and `std::multiplies`` operation on GPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  for 64-bit data types and ``std::multiplies`` operation on GPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3
```

Reviewer: Does the issue reproduce with `sycl::multiplies` either?

>   for 64-bit data types and `std::multiplies`` operation on GPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3

Author: Yes

>   for 64-bit data types and `std::multiplies`` operation on GPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3

Author: Not all: this error  happen when `__has_known_identity` used: when `if _ONEDPL_LIBSYCL_VERSION >= 50200`
Otherwise we don't use group operation for multiply.
And this mean all compiler versions from 2021.3

>   for 64-bit data types and `std::multiplies`` operation on GPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3

Author: Applied

>   for 64-bit data types and ``std::multiplies`` operation on GPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3

Reviewer: Does the issue reproduce with `sycl::multiplies`?

Author: Yes

Reviewer: Let's mention it if so

Author: Done

> - Incorrect results may be produced with group reduce operation through ``reduce``, ``transform_reduce``
>   for 64-bit data types and ``std::multiplies``, ``sycl::multiplies`` operations on GPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``reduce`` and ``transform_reduce`` with 64-bit types and ``std::multiplies``, ``sycl::multiplies`` operations when compiled on Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3 and newer and executed on GPU devices. 
```
Changes:
 - Removed "with group reduce operation" because it is an internal implementation detail.
 - Added "... and newer" to highlight that the issue arises not only on Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3, but also newer version.
 - Removed "data" as redundant
 - Fixed a type and slightly restructured the note.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Incorrect results may be produced with in-place scans using ``unseq`` and ``par_unseq`` policies on
  CPUs with the Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.8.

> - Incorrect results may be produced with group reduce operation through ``std::reduce``

Reviewer 2: Could you please move it under "New in 2022.3.0" section? As it is the version to be released, so the users will see its' release notes.

Author: Fixed
